Add dev-docs around Shared app sign on policies (#3062)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/policy/index.md

* Get all policies of a specific type
* Create, read, update, and delete a Policy

> * Get all apps of a specific policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Get all apps assigned to a specific policy
```

HTTP 204:
*No Content is returned when the deactivation is successful.*

## Policy mapping operations

> ### Get Applications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Get applications
```

[OAuth Authorization Policy](/docs/reference/api/authorization-servers/#policy-object)

[Authentication Policy](#authentication-policy) <ApiLifecycle access="ie" /><br>

[Profile Enrollment Policy](#profile-enrollment-policy) <ApiLifecycle access="ie" /><br>

### Policy priority and defaults

### Default Policies

There is always a default Policy created for each type of Policy. The default Policy applies to new applications by default or any users for whom other Policies in the Okta org don't apply. This ensures that there is always a Policy to apply to a user in all situations.

 - A default Policy is required and can't be deleted.

>  - New applications (other than Office365, Radius and MFA) will be assigned to the default Policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - New applications (other than Office365, Radius, and MFA) are assigned to the default Policy.
```

## Type-Specific Policy data structures

## Global Session Policy

> > **Note:** The Okta Sign On Policy name has changed to Global Session Policy. The policy type of `OKTA_SIGN_ON` remains unchanged.

Reviewer 2: We didn't rename this page on Classic did we? I wonder if we need to specify scope of the change to OIE

> > **Note:** The Okta Sign On Policy name has changed to Global Session Policy. The policy type of `OKTA_SIGN_ON` remains unchanged.

Reviewer: @iancorcoran-okta - does this work?
```suggestion
> **Note:** In Identity Engine, the Okta Sign On Policy name has changed to Global Session Policy. The policy type of `OKTA_SIGN_ON` remains unchanged.
```

  }
```

## Authentication policy

<ApiLifecycle access="ie" /><br>
<ApiLifecycle access="Limited GA" /><br>

> **Note:** This feature is only available as a part of the Identity Engine. [Contact support](mailto:dev-inquiries@okta.com) for further information.

> **Note:** The app sign-on policy name has changed to authentication policy. The policy type of `ACCESS_POLICY` remains unchanged.

An authentication policy determines the extra levels of authentication (if any) that must be performed before you can invoke a specific Okta application. It is always associated with an app through a Mapping. The Identity Engine always evaluates both the Global Session Policy and the authentication policy for the app. The resulting user experience is the union of both policies. Authentication policies have a policy type of `ACCESS_POLICY`.

> When you create a new application, the shared default authentication policy is associated with it. You can [create a different authentication policy for the app](link to Graham's topic - I'll add when I get it) or [add additional rules to the default authentication policy](/docs/guides/configure-signon-policy/#select-the-policy-and-add-a-rule) to meet your needs. Remember that any rules that you add to the shared authentication policy are automatically assigned to any new application that you create in your org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you create a new application, the shared default authentication policy is associated with it. You can [create a different authentication policy for the app](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=ext-create-auth-policy) or [add additional rules to the default authentication policy](/docs/guides/configure-signon-policy/#select-the-policy-and-add-a-rule) to meet your needs. Remember that any rules that you add to the shared authentication policy are automatically assigned to any new application that you create in your org.
```
